Optimize ConfigInitializer warnning mesaage,fix override and merge de… (#305)
apache/skywalking-java: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/configurations.md

| `plugin.micronauthttpserver.collect_http_params`                | This config item controls that whether the Micronaut http server plugin should collect the parameters of the request. Also, activate implicitly in the profiled trace.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | SW_PLUGIN_MICRONAUTHTTPSERVER_COLLECT_HTTP_PARAMS                | `false`                                                                 |

> # How to override default value to blank Collection/Map
> 
> * Collection type config such as : `plugin.kafka.topics=a,b,c,d` , In order set the value to blank . just omit the value:` plugin.kafka.topics=` 
> * Map type config such as : `plugin.kafka.producer_config[key]=X` ，In order set the value to blank , just omit the key and value :` plugin.kafka.producer_config[]=`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Reset Collection/Map type configurations as empty collection.

* Collection type config, e.g.  using ` plugin.kafka.topics=` 
to override default `plugin.kafka.topics=a,b,c,d` 
* Map type config, e.g. using `plugin.kafka.producer_config[]=` to override default `plugin.kafka.producer_config[key]=value`
```
